Connect your laptop to the internet, and execute the following instructions one by one.Some of the instructions may take long time to execute(15 to 20 mins., or even more).

Be patient, and execute them one by one, sequentially.If possible, save the screen shots now and then, during the installation process.



1) If your system don't have Python, then install Python by down loading it from the following site.
https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-370/
     
Download Windows x86-64 executable installer...if your laptop is a 64-bit machine.
During installation, Check the radio box(with a tick mark) corresponding to Add path...

Note: Anaconda's python is not enough. You should have a separate Python.



2) After successful installation of python, open the command prompt(CMD), as administrator, and give the command python -V.
   If python version is displayed, then your installation is successful.
   If your installation is not successful, then skip the following 3,4,5,6 commands.
  

 

3) Execute the command from command prompt(CMD): pip3 install wheel
you need to type 'y', if the system asks you to choose y/n
if the above command don't work, then use: pip install wheel



4) Execute the command from command prompt(CMD): pip3 install pyqt5

if the above command don't work, then use: pip install pyqt5



5)Execute the command from command prompt(CMD): pip3 install pillow

if the above command don't work, then use: pip install pillow



6)Execute the command from command prompt(CMD): pip3 install opencv-python

if the above command don't work, then use: pip install opencv-python



7) Install sqlite by downloading it from the following site: https://www.sqlite.org/download.html

Download sqlite-tools-win32-x86-3240000.zip(1.64 MiB)...under "Precompiled Binaries for Windows" section.
If the system asks for a password to sql, during installation, give it as  123456. To run the sqlite double click sqlite3 application file.



8) If your system don't have Anaconda, then install Anaconda by downloading it from: https://www.anaconda.com/download/
